Node Package Manager (NPM) is a tool required to successfully run many webpages and applications. It allows users to
share open source code to accomplish tasks that are similar across many applications. 

Node: One or several files of code where each bit of code is independant and does one specific job in an application.

Package: a file of folder containing a package.json file
  - the package.json file is at the root of the node application and provides the node with metadata necessary to run
    the application. This data includes 'name:foo', 'version:bar', and not required but typically 'dependencies:foo', 
    as well as many other fields.

Module: any file of folder that is loaded via 'require' in a Node.js application
  -  packages can be in modules, but a package is not necessarily a module. 
  

List of Node modules I have been exposed too and their description:

chalk: styling for terminal strings
child_process: provides the ability to spawn child processes in a manner that is similar, but not identical to popen (3)
death: when termination signals are sent to your process this allows for graceful clean up of leftover data structures
       and other unwanted materials from memory and the filesystem
del: delete files and folders using globs (wildcard searches ie appending '*' or '?' to the keyword search.
fs: provides functionality to access and interact with the file system
gulp: toolkit that helps automate time-consuming tasks in development workflow
pretty-hrtime: used to display elapsed time in a pretty high resolution format
gulp-watch: uses chokidar to improve the use of 'fs' by speeding up the process
openfin-launcher: downloads and launches the OpenFin Runtime
shelljs: portable implementation of Unix shell commands on the Node.js API. This provides the ability to eliminate
         dependency on Unix while maintaining familiarity. Portable means it can be used with Windows, Linx, and OSX
path: this module varies based on the OS and will assume the OS's style of path's are being used
webpack: bundles modules for use in a browser, but can transform, bundle, or package just about any resource/asset
async: provides functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript. 

